hey guys today I'm just gonna share a
haul with you guys I'm at salt calm and
for those of you who follow me this
company has sponsored me in the past and
I really loved their items so I actually
purchased a few more things though the
first thing I picked out with shoes cuz
I think shoes on there at the best deal
I really love their shoes pretty good
quality and they're around 50 dollars so
this is the first one I got and I think
this was 40 something dollars which was
really good because I went to H&M and i
actually spotted a pair like this which
I really liked but it was $60 before tax
so I thought that this flows to steal
and it actually looked better than the
one at H&M and I really love that it has
the zipper opening at the back it's one
of my favorite things about shoes it's
just sticking my feet in because I hate
dealing with the buckles and unbuckling
them and everything and I got these in a
size 35 and I'm a size five and a half
and these actually fit me quite snug but
I'm pretty sure that if I had a size 6
which is a size size 6 a size 36 it
would fit me just as well this was just
a little snug so because the straps over
here are kind of thin I figured that I
wouldn't be able to walk too long in
them but I was wrong these are actually
pretty comfortable and I was able to
walk a whole day in them and I didn't
get any blisters or anything over here
it's not made from real leathers just
many material and it has the rope wedge
but the heel isn't too high there's a
platform so these are actually really
comfortable to walk in and these ones I
just love love love every time I wear it
I get compliments on it she does her
really good quality I really like this
one the bottom is rubber and the wedge
for this one is actually made out of
canvas and I love the details with the
buckles here it's absolutely gorgeous
and it has a brass tone hardware and I
really like these studs here too so
really nice detail on these shoes again
it has the zippered backing which I
really like I don't really shop for
clothing on at Seoul because a lot of
the clothing is quite expensive and I
know I can find a cheaper alternative
but I think this up because I haven't
seen one at this it's really thin so
it's perfect for summer and it's just
really Airy so that's why I like it it's
an off-the-shoulder shirt of course cuz
you know I love my off the shoulder
shirts the sleeves are long and the
shirt is also really long and how I wear
this is I just cinch it with a skinny
and I wear it with other leggings or
without leggings and I went with the
wedge and it's really cute and the next
thing I got was this necklace I was
searching high and low for a necklace
like this that wasn't too yellowy cuz
there's some gold-tone necklace that
looks really yellow and I think that
makes it look really cheap this one was
the perfect tone and I also get a lot of
compliments when I wear this one too the
quality is pretty nice it's a pretty
sturdy necklace it's just a little twist
rope and the next purchase is this bag
which I absolutely love when I first got
it it was completely squished and it was
out of shape and I was kind of
disappointed and so what I did was I
stuffed it with clothing and then I left
it there for a day and now it's back in
shape I also had a problem with this at
first too I didn't know how to open it
but you just have to move this button
like that so just push it a thing then
it opens and it has gold-tone hardware
and it has a cute bow over it over here
and the next tote I was really
disappointed it's supposed to come with
this cute little padlock but it's the
first time I wore this purse I lost it
so I don't know where it went but the
lock was really cute it's kind of heavy
as well but compared to me it's really
big so I don't think I'd be wearing this
I'll put a picture comparison how big it
is so once you're a little taller or
bigger maybe this would seat you I'd
probably donate this concludes my haul I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and if
you guys have made a purchase from EXO
before let us know what you purchased
and I'll see you guys in my next video
bye